Cool - well here is the full opportunity so you’ve got some perspective.  I think just have given you bits and pieces of this:

1. CFO at Parallax (Kelly) who remembers meeting you is the “expert coach”
2. She has one Yoga studio owner who he is helping reestablish her business and accounting system and scheduling system (Offering Tree)
3. I mentored Offering Tree for 3 years via MESA.  They have 2000+ customers and I met with the with the CEO a month ago to give him my thoughts on how he needed an add-on product to sell as a revenue growth play.  I mentioned Kelly at that time and connected them
4. I showed Kelly Sprintbook yesterday and she has created a product overview doc for her coaching off of the G2M version I created (I gave it to her as a template).  She said she has a little more work to do on it.
5. Here’s the kicker - For a completely unrelated reason I ended up on a call today with a seed VC (IDEA fund) based in La Crosse, WI - they only invest in MN, IA, and WI.  Coincidentally this is the fund that Offering Tree raised money from a year or so ago.  So we taked about Offering Tree’s need to create an add on AI product… so I mentioned was suggesting some opportunities to Eddie (CEO) on this front.

So… basically everything is queued up to get Offering Tree to really want to find out if something like Sprintbook adds value to their customer base.  It’s a real distribution opportunity that we can try to pull off.  And I can go back to the VC and report on what you created once it works.  Let’s see what we can make happen.



Now I understand better.  Without regard to effort this will take, I think you should take Sprintbook now and build onto it to be a coaching tool that Kelly wants that could become a place for lots of topics to be coached on.  But fork what Sprintbook is now into what can become the bigger picture full G2M agent that I originally envisioned.  But for now focus on Kelly’s needs.  I think that is a quicker and more applicable path to revenue in the short term.



So what you’re building now is really a coaching platform of specific topics that you turn on and off.  Kelly is one of 100 coaches with content… My G2M is 1 of 100 coaches with content